= DiscourseUserDirectory

= Installation

1) Add discourse_user_directory to the plugin section of your app.yml file. Once connected to your server:

cd /var/docker
nano containers/app.yml

Use arrow keys on your keyboard to navigate down to the plugin section. The following comment precedes the plugin specification area:

## The docker manager plugin allows you to one-click upgrade Discourse. 

Add an additional line below the Docker container plugin:

- git clone https://github.com/www2014/discourse_user_directory11

Double-check the spacing on the line so that it is consistent with the Docker container plugin. Then save the app.yml file with Ctrl+O. Return to the command line with Ctrl+X.

2) Rebuild Discourse

./launcher rebuild app

This process will take approximately 10 minutes. Once the rebuild is complete, the user directory plugin should be functional.

3) Insert directory menu

The plugin creates a directory which is viewed at discourse.yoursite.com/directory. To allow users to easily find the directory, you'll need to add a menu item to Discourse itself.

Login as administrator to your Discourse instance.

Navigate to Settings tab, then Basic Options

Type directory (next to new, top, categories, etc.) into the setting top_menu.

Save the setting. A link to the user directory should now be viewable to all users in your forum's top menu.

= Pre-Docker Installation

1) Add discourse_user_directory to your Discourse app's vendor/gems directory

  $ cd vendor/gems
  $ git clone git://github.com/vaynermedia/discourse_user_directory.git

2) Add gem to Discourse Gemfile

  gem 'discourse_user_directory', path: 'vendor/gems/discourse_user_directory'

3) Install Gems

  bundle install

4) Add 'Directory' as a top nav item

Add 'directory' to validNavNames  in app/assets/javascripts/discourse/models/nav_item.js

Start your server and head to the Site Settings. Add 'directory' as a top_menu item in the pipe-separated list.

This project rocks and uses MIT-LICENSE.
